

From the very start I should say that it is not an easy thing to speak about myself as it is hard to have a look at yourself from aside, but at the same time who knows you better than you yourself do?
I am a girl of sixteen. When I look at myself in the mirror I see a blond girl with short straight hair, dark eyes and a slender figure. As to my appearance I'm rather tall and slim. I have never thought I'm a beauty, I wish I were more beautiful. I think that I'm even tempered, rather reserved, calm and modest. But sometimes I can lose my temper and become either angry or sad. I like staying alone and sometimes I retreat into my shell. But at the same time I like my friends, I like to laugh and joke. I have got a sense of humour. It means I understand humour and appreciate it.
There are many things in our life I like and some I dislike. I like when everything is OK. Being happy is one way of being wise. I like to study because knowledge is useful sometimes. I'm fond of reading as it gives not only knowledge, but also wonderful moments of joy and pleasure. I am neither short nor tall, so I like to wear high-heeled shoes, trousers or jeans.
I was born on the 25th of April 1985 in the town of Molodechno where I live now together with my parents and my younger sister. My early years, which I remember badly, were typical of a child living in a town. I was born into a family of a teacher and a doctor. I was sent to a kindergarten at the age of three as both my parents were working. As all the children of Belarus I went to school at the age of six. Here I should say that it was my lucky chance to study for 11 years at the school of fine arts in the town of Molodechno. It turned out to be the best school in our town. There I got a proper training in such subjects as English, Russian and Belarusian, literature and world culture. I usually did a lot of home preparation for them and I liked everything I was doing in them. I really tried hard in them. But despite my efforts I was not good at Math.
School for me was not only lessons and learning, I had a lot of friends there. We organized extra class activities such as parties and other social activities. I actively participated in most of them.
I am sociable, so I have got a lot of friends among my schoolmates. As for me, I appreciate people's honesty, kindness, sense of justice and intelligence. I don't like when people are rude and aggressive.
I am stubborn at times. But to my mind being persistent is not always a bad thing. That means if I have an aim I never leave things half done. At times I feel dissatisfied with myself, especially when I fail to do something or can't do things the way they should be done. At the same time I think I am hard-working and diligent. My greatest problem at school was talking in front of the class. I always blushed.
Very soon I'll pass my final exams at school and after a farewell party at the end of June I'll say goodbye to my teachers who are very well-educated people with broad outlook and deep knowledge of the subjects. They encouraged me in my desire of choosing my future career. School meant a lot to me and it wasn't just learning and studying. I made good friends there and met many interesting people. I faced a new life without school with a mixed feeling of sadness and joy.
I asked myself a lot of times what I wanted to be when I left school. A few years ago it was difficult to give a definite answer.
And finally, the things I hope to achieve in my life are: to have a very successful career, so this year after finishing school I will try to enter the University, to build the house of my dreams and to find someone in my life to share all that with.