

My name is Natalia. My surname is Govorova. I am 15. I was born in 1982 in Chelyabinsk. I live in a small town of Usinsk in the Komi Republic. My address is Flat 116, 19, Pionerskaya Street. My phone number is 41-5-81. I am a pupil. I go to school Number 1. I am a good pupil. I do well in all subjects. They say that I am a hard-working person. To tell the truth, all school subjects come easy to me but sometimes I have to work long hours, for example, to do lessons in Physics or Chemistry, to write a composition or to learn a poem by heart. But my favourite subject is English. I spend a lot of time on it reading books, doing tests etc. Maybe English and learning it will be a part of my future career.
I like reading. I think comics and detective stories are much easier to read but I prefer to read novels - historical or modern. I like music. My musical tastes are different, it depends on my mood. But I think every apple is good in its season. I play the piano and the guitar, not seriously but for my soul. Sometimes I like to listen to Russian classical music. My favourite composers are Chaikovsky and Mozart. I also like Russian folk songs but I don't like rock music. I don't have much time to watch TV but sometimes I spend an hour or two watching an interesting film or a news programme. In the evening I often read newspapers (our local ones) or magazines. I like fresh air and exercise. I wish I had more time for doing sports. But some aerobics in the morning, a swimming pool twice a week, a ski walk on a frosty day are of great help. Sport is fun.
As years passed I changed my mind several times. But it was only in my last year at school that I finally made up my mind what profession I would most like to have in the future. I realized that my strongest desire was to continue specializing in humanities and learn foreign languages in particular. I hope my dream will come true. If I fail in my exams I'll try to enter the University again.
And now a few words about my inclinations. I haven't got any special hobby, like collecting something, but I'm fond of reading books. They give me more knowledge of their people's lives and feelings and broaden my outlook. In my opinion, books are a source of emotional inspiration and romantic feeling. Besides, books help me to continue my own education. The time spent on a good book is never wasted. Reading is a rewarding pastime.
And of course I like music! I'm fond of music of the 60-s, like the Beatles, the Rolling Stones and Elvis Prestly. The songs of the Beatles give me a lot of delight and pleasure. Besides, I am a great theatregoer. Whenever I have some time to spare, I go to the theatre. I'm not keen on television.
Sometimes I play different sport games for health and pleasure. I usually play such games as volleyball, basketball, tennis, and sometimes football.
I have a wide circle of interests. I'm very sociable, so I get on very well with people. I have many friends, most of them are my classmates. We spend a lot of time together going out to the cinema or to a disco party, speaking about lessons and music, discussing our problems. But most of all I like my family. We all are great friends and deeply attached to each other. That's all about me - a person with her good and not very good traits of character, liking this and hating that. But it's interesting for me to live and to open new things.